I'm just kidding you.
What can you do to me?
That's so great!
You woman succeeded in causing me
I tortured your brother-in-law all over
What can you do with me?
I stepped on his head in front of you
What can you do to me hahaha
Very good.
You are a woman to my liking
How about this?
For the sake of the daughter of the big sister of hearts
You pay me ten thousand
And healed my tummy wound
That's it for today.
How about if I reject you, you woman
It's your pleasure to pay my brother-in-law
Woman
Don't be shameless.
Count you
Don't worry, I will be gentle with you.
Brother-in-law is still you
Can I stay with this woman?
Hahaha of course
I've never liked to eat.
Hahaha, just don't tell your sister.
Don't worry, I know the rules
Hahahaha
roll
Dare to hit me on the river
I'll tell you what.
The entire battlefield was turned upside down
change of day
I am the sky of Jiang Cheng